{{
id: 5, 
story: "Rewind", 
chapter: "3", 
title: "Waterpark", 
pov: "ashwin", 
type: "side",
line: "main",
slug: "rewind" 
}}

//Write from here 

After that race at the school, Aditi started challenging me everyday, coming to my house with something new.
Along with her few more kids came, and I found myself as the leader of our little group.

Every Saturday we hold a group study session, mostly me helping them in their studies though.
Mom put some snacks and juice in my room, few minutes later the bell rang and I opend the door for them.

"Hello, Ashwin" Said Aditi.

I nodded as they got inside and we all went to my room.

Inside they sat around the table, and opend thier notebooks, I went  around giving them snacks and juice and then also sat down.

"Ashiwn" called Adtiti. pointing at a question in her notebook.
"I dont understand this"

I looked over and helped her solve it, then helped my other friends.
This is how its been for the last few days, the questions are simple for me because of my knowledge from the past.

"Your are a genius Ashwin"
They said.

Thats how I look to others, even though Aditi should be the one to be called that, always doing things above her grade.

I have the advantage of previous life, but she is young kid, even in my past life she was the topper of our school, and was the person called a genius, at that time i thought the rumors exaggerated her, but seeing her studying right now, its not suprising that at the current pace she will again be called a genius.

As usual the session ended, and we pulled out board games like chess, snakes and ladder and such.

After that they left and so my day came to an end.

***

Summer vacations are close, the teacher is expling the homework for it, and the class come to an end.

"Lets go" My firends waitied outside the class for me, and we left the school togeather.

"What are you plans for summer"
One of my friend asked.

"Well not much probably going to spend my time at home."

"If you are free, a new water park has opend my father got the tickets for it, would you all like to come"
He said excited, showing us the tickets.

A water park huh, although i am not really interested but they all had excpeting faces lookig at me.

'I wouldnt hurt to go.'

"Well I will ask my parents first."

"We will also talk with uncle and aunt with you" They said.

That day in the afternoon we got permission from my parents, and booking is 7 days from now.

My friends father also booked tickets for us.

***

On the day of the waterpark, i packed my stuff and saw my friends waiting outside.

It was short ride from my home, the place we came to be the place where the new mall opend in my past life.

I don't remember there being a waterpark in this place.

Then again it been years so my memory is not that reliable.

The park was really luxirious, with lots of rides, its my first time to come to a place like this.
Must have cost a lot for the tickets.

There was one ride in particuler that had a long line for it, after trying out other rides, I got tired, so I stood on the line inplace of my friends, while they were still playing.

Too much energy, those guys have.

It was about to be my turn but one of my friends was more excited then me to try it so i switched places with him, and went to eat something.

It was a tall dangerous looking ride, my friends parents got worrried for him.

But he fearlessely got on the ride.

We were waiting for him on the other side, as he came out flying and into the pool.

It took a second for everyone to understand what had happend, they the people in the pool screamed, lifegaurds stood stunned, before rushing.

My friends head was bleeding, the tube he rode down on has a big tear on it.

Ambulance was called and he was rushed to the hospital, we went with his father who dropped us to our home.

For the next few days we didn't got any information about him, we tried calling his parents but they didnt picked up the phone.

I asked my parents if they knew anything, but they didn't answer, and told me to not worry, their ffaces looked uncomfortable.

That only increased my worries, I spent my time trying to reacall any incident like this, I knew a mall was made in its place, is this incident related to that.

"I should have read some newpaper"  this kind of news will definately be in papers becaues it was a premium park.

Even when our group gathered for homework, we couldn't talk, because one member isnt here with us.

When we went to his home, his father told us to go back.

I started to imagine the worst case.

Today I was going out to his home again and saw his mother outside, her eyes had dark circles, hunched back, unkept hairs.

The way is walking with wandering gaze only made me more worried about the worst.
