{{
id: 7, 
story: "Rewind", 
chapter: "5", 
title: "", 
pov: "ashwin", 
type: "side",
line: "main",
slug: "rewind",
year: "" 
}}

//Write from here 

It took time for the group to get back to how it was before, the pain of losing our friend is still there but we are as a group getting somewhere, and could laugh together again.

I woke up like usual, and went downstairs to the bathroom as usual, when I got to the kitchen there was a nice smell of of cooking.

“Mom, is something special”

She didn't answer and just laughed going back to cooking.

The gate of the home opend and father and grandfather came in, holding big bags.

I went to them to help them with the bags, but father stopped me.

“Ashwin, why don't you go out and play with your friends.” He said and grandfather nodded in agreement.

“?..Okay”

Today is Sunday so school is closed, and breakfast seems to be taking time, with nothing better to do, I changed and went out to meet up.

***

I am in park near my home, swinging by myself, none of my friends came, all of them are busy.

But I understand why now, today is my birthday.

Should have known, it would explain my family this morning and my friends, they must be preparing something for me.

But what am I supposed to do for the day.

“Should go back home to my room, and study”

It's the best way to make use of my time instead of swinging alone.

When I got back the home was being decorated, I wanted to help them too, but as it was my birthday parents didn't allow me, so I just went back to my room, and buried myself in books, studying.

By evening, the preparation were done, and guest started coming, my friends came too with gifts.

It was a birthday like usual, I get to see the whole group actually having fun for the first time in a while.

“Ashwin make sure to open this first.”

My friends together handed me a gift, with excited smiles on their faces.

“Okay.” By how happy they look, this gift must be great.

I couldn't wait to open it.

With that we ended the party, and grandparents were tired so they went to sleep first, followed my father and mother after they cleaned the house, after them I took the gift my friends gave me and went back to my room.

Taking off the wrapping, I looked inside the box.

It was a book, a hardcover book, I Looked around but didn't see any title on it’s cover, opening the first page, I saw the title and was suprised.

“Rewind?” 

Is this real, wasn't this just some niche internet rumor.

I opened and read through the pages.

“…”

“what?”

“…..”

“…What does this mean”

This book it too confusing, too philosophical, I need to search up things to even get through it.

But there's no doubt about one thing, this book is close to what the online communities described it as.

Maybe my own comprehension level is not enough to understand it, and most of it went over my head but one thing stand out.

It seems to say time travel is possible, changing the past is possible but…

“Death is inevitable.”

While thinking about the book I noticed the time.

“Shit it's already three, I have school tomorrow.”

I will think about it tomorrow, also need to ask where they got this book.


***

The clock ticked monotonusly in the night, my attention kept going back to it.

It was a bit annoying like telling to wake up.

"I am awake, alright."

I wasn't able to sleep for long, and it's onyl five in the morning.

I will be leaving for school by six thirty, there's still one and a half hour left.

"Might as well get up."

It's not like I was feeling tired or anything, and didn't felt like I could sleep even if I want to.

The book's content was still in my mind, killing the little bit of sleep left in my head.

"?"

I heard sound of door opening from outside, lights turned on and getting inside my room from the bottom opening under the door of my room.

On the other side, I could hear my parents voice, it was muffled and quite, but I could make out some words.

"Flight?"

What flight?

"..."

I pulled the clock and checked the date in a hurry.

"How could I forget something like this"

As panic took over, I jumped off from the bed, stumbling over in a hurry,  pushed the gate open with enough strength for it to come back on me.

Pushing it back again, I ran down the stairs, nearly stoppd myself from tripping down.

Halfway I could see my parents standing at the door, with luggage and my grandparents seeing them out.

"STOPPP"

I screamd and slipped down the stairs, my vision turning black.