{{
id: 3, 
story: "Rewind", 
chapter: "2", 
title: "Growing up", 
pov: "ashwin", 
type: "side",
line: "main",
slug: "rewind" 
}}

Its been 5 months since my time leap, or travel, i am still not sure what actually happend, but i am not complaining.

For the first few weeks as an infact they were something i wish to forget, i did things that make me want to hide in some hole for life.

But have to come to accept the situation and adapt.

For that reason I cried to call my mom to change the diapers.

***

Now that i have grown up enough to walk, I started spending more time with my family. The time i couldn't in the past life.

If only I could also speak, I have a lot of things to talk about and express my emotions better.

But I am fine being able to enjoy my time in their laps, and huggin them.

***

Time flew by when I turn two years old I was finally able to talk, and I spend my days talking with mohter, I also wanted to spend time with father but father and grandfather got busy and were out for work most of the time.

I also started studying, looking up things related to time travel, although I couldn't really find anything solid, but it was still fun.

I did find a name for a book that some people in niche communities talked about as the best book related to time, but the lack of information about it made it sound more like a made up thing.

Book is called Rewind by some unknown author.

Well that all aside I also started going out meeting others my age and making friends, one of the goal of this life is to change it for the better, in the last life I stayed an introvert, unatheletic, and avarage in all other aspects.

That needs to change now, for that I started studying in advance, engaged in physical activities, also picked up hobbies like art and music, although not sure if I would stick to them, but its good to have something going in life, to fill my day with.

Even if these things are too easy for me as a adult, all the efforts I put in myself now will pay off when I get to the age of fifteen, the same as the age I died.

'Died'

That time is still vivid in my memory as the truck approched me and the next second I was lying in the pool of my blood.

Because of that when ever I see a truck it send shivers down my spine.
I don't know when I will be able to overcome this truma, and live without this burden.

***

// 12/01/2026

"You are weak." Said a young girl, pulling a older boy by the collar and throwing him back on ground, looking down at him with clean disgust.

'Harsh, you shouldn't go that far.'
I thought because I can't say this to her, she is like a animal.

Other kids her age were cheering on the little girl,
'Don't encourage her.'
I was standing on the side tired from their antics, my friends antics.

This is not a friends group but a gang, from all the kind of stuff these guy do.

And somehow I am their leader.

The teacher came rushing looking at me in anger.

'Sigh, why, I don't remeber Aditi being like that in the past, how did it came to this'

***

Today is my third year birthday.

Everyone from the neighborhood have came to celebrate, after the cake was cut the adults went to their group to talk amongst themselves, other kids were also playing in their group, my friend group was the quiter one, probably becasuse of my influence, I thought them a lot of things as the only adult.

'Wait..that sounds wrong.'

Whatever, atleast they are behaving unlike other kids.

I was going around making sure they were enjoying the food or if they would need anything else.

There was a girl sitting in the corner by herself, she looked like she wasn't having fun.

'She looks familier.'

"What is your name"

She gave me a glance the averted her eyes.

"Aditi"

'No wonder she looked familier.'

In the past life she was at the center of the school, considered a genius, there were many throphys she won after all.

"I didn't see you having anything, is the food not to your liking."

"Hmph, stupid kids eat snacks, I only eat vegetables"

'....what?'

"Food aside, Why are you sitting alone in the corner, who you came togeather with."

"My parents" She pointed to the people talking with my parents.

"I see, what about your friends"

In the past she was surrounded by her friends.

"I don't need friends"

"So you don't have any friends."

She did not say 'don't have' but 'don't need' but her way of speaking sounded more like convinceing herself then actual statement.

She flinched at my words.

"I said I don't need them, kids are stupid to have around they can't follow along with me, I don't need them."

"Alright got it, here have some fries, It will make me sad to have guest to leave without eating anything."

Although unexpected to learn this is how she was, but I can understand her to some extent, at first even I was avoiding kids my age because I wanted to focus on myself, but later learn that having a social life is also important, maybe she too with come to realise it later, not really my place to butt in.

She reluctantly took the plate, moved her chair away, and ate by herself.

'So you do wanted to eat, but didn't wanted to admit it'

"Well have fun"

I was about to leave but felt a tuck at my shirt.

"Your name is Ashwin right" She asked.

"Yes"

"Meet at school playground tomorrow"

Why is she making it sound like a threat "Okay..." only then she let go of my shirt.

'Weird'

***

As planned I met her in the school playground, and saw her stretching awkwardly with determination.

“Yo”

“You came?”

You called me, what did you expect.

“So why did you want to meet up”

“Race me”

Why?

“What do you mean”

“I will beat you”

Okay?

“Really, what do you mean”

“I heard a lot about you, i want to see myself if you are that good”

I kind of started to understand the kind of person she is.

Compatitive, seems like she started competing with even before we met, she knew me when we met after all.

But a race, really? The again she is a kid, so that might be the best compitition she could come up with.

“I don't mind, so what are the rules.”

“No rules, we just need to reach that point, fastest wins”

I looked in her direction, the final point is basically the edge of the ground, that's really far for a kid to run to.

“Cool, so when we start”

“Now,”

She got in the position, so did I.

I ran a bit later then her, to be honest I am not really interested, but she looked like she will keep nagging me, so I will let her win and be done with it.

“…”

Wait, why is she so slow, I am already catching up to her.

Maybe I am just faster, better to pace down a little bit more.

“…”

Seriously put in some effort, what happened to the genius Aditi who won many races.

I am already caught up to her again.

She glanced back, and with visible fear and exhaustion she pushed herself.

And fell.

“…”

I am standing behind her wandering what to do now, winning like this doesn't feel right, I am not a bully.

So as any normal person I helped her get up.

“Don't pity me, I will win.”

She said that but her knees are scratched and bleeding.

“Run like that and you will fell again, do you want a worse injury”

She got teary eyed, no, not just getting teary, she went full on crying.

“uh…TEACHER”

Best to leave her to experts.

The teacher came and picked up Aditi, taking her for first aid.

She was sniffing all the way.

“So what was all this?”



