{{
id: 6, 
story: "Rewind", 
chapter: "4", 
title: "Friend", 
pov: "ashwin", 
type: "side",
line: "main",
slug: "rewind" 
}}

//Write from here 
"Aunty"
I called out to her, she looked back, although she was looking at me but her focus was lost somewhere else.

"Is he okay"
On my question she finally looked in my direction.

"You?"

"Ashwin, remember, his friend"
"Oh, he, my son"

Before she could finish her sentence, tears well up and she dropped on her knees.

"Wh-what happend to him"

Her husband came running to her, helped her stand up.

"Uncle what happend to my friend"

Seriously someone tell me.

"Please Ashwin not now"

They left without any explaination.

I can't stand being in the dark any longer, but I cant pressure them either, is waiting my only way.

Just when I made friends and we all were getting along, now this.

I punched the wall on the side and went back home, forgetting why I even left the house in the first place.

To get my mind off of this incident I busy myself with the summer homework, after I was done with mine I went on to help others.

Days went by, Aditi suggested we also finish our friends part of homework so when he recovers he wouldn't have to worry about it.

Admirable, I also helped and everything was done, nothing left more to do.

The group still meet up but the things to do was getting lesser, running out of reasons for meeting, It was hard to enjoy anything, Adults kept avoiding our questions.

"I cant stand it anymore" Aditi shouted.

Everyone in the park were stratled and looked in her direction.

"Aditi calm down" I said pulling her back on her seat.

"How can I, I am going to his home" She walked out of the park in quick steps, we all followed.

"But what are you going to do, we should wait" I said that but my steps mathced her pace, I too am tired of staying in the dark, but in times like this I feel like I should think calmly, as the only adult in the group.

"Then I will force my way in and meet him" 

"Are you... You can't do that."

"Do you not care about him Ashwin."

"I do but we can't force things."

"I don't care, you coming with me or not."

"I will go with you, but no forcing, if they told us to leave, we leave."

She doesn't seem to agree but didn't say it, and nodded in frustration.

we soon reached his home, and Aditi was going to ring the bell but I stopped her, and ranged instead, she looked like she will spam it.

Moments later uncle came and opend the gate.

"What are you kids doing here."

"We want to know how is he doing, uncle" Said Aditi, her voice sounded suppressed.

'So she did understand about not forcing things'

"Please come late-"

"Uncle please atleast tell us he is okay"

I said inturrupting him before he could close the gate on us.

He looked lost and confused, before he spoke.

"He is okay"

'He is not' his face looked in pain, he is only saying it to send us back, if he is going this far it could only mean one thing.

"I see, thats good, tell him to not worry about his homework we did it for him so he should just take care of himself." I said and took my friends back, they seemed much at ease from uncle's answer.

Soon the summer vacation ended, and we went back to school, in school words already spread about the new water park shutting down becasue a kid died in it.

Turned out the owner of the park rushed the construction and opening to make profit during summer vacation, leading to many safty protocols being skipped, the park is closed for indefinite time until investigation is completed.

Aditi went to fight the kids who were spreading these rumors, I had to stop her calm her down.
She cried a lot, before she actually came to accept the truth.

I don't like the reason of my friends death being someones greed, but we can't hung up on the death of our friend forever, we have to move on.

Not now but evetually.
